feat: add project block for basic functions The Odin Project (#54375)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/16-the-odin-project/top-basic-function-projects/top-basic-functions-exercise-d.md

---
id: 661e17c6068359c3ccf2f4d8
title: Basic Functions Exercise D
challengeType: 1
dashedName: top-basic-functions-exercise-d
---

# --description--

> Write a function, named `lastLetter`, that takes a string as an argument and returns the last letter of the string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write a function, named `lastLetter`, that takes a string as a parameter and returns the last letter of the string.
```

# --hints--

You should have a function named `lastLetter`.

```js

> assert.strictEqual(lastLetter('hello') , 'o');

Reviewer: this should test just for the function creation

```suggestion
assert.isFunction(lastLetter);
```

```

> Your function should take in a string as an argument. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your function should take in a string as a parameter. 
```
